deployment/systemd/README.md, before:

# Systemd Service Files

These service files enable automatic SSID rotation and web interface management.

## Installation

### On the Raspberry Pi:

```bash
# Copy service files to systemd directory
sudo cp ~/ssid_rotator/deployment/systemd/*.service /etc/systemd/system/
sudo cp ~/ssid_rotator/deployment/systemd/*.timer /etc/systemd/system/

# Reload systemd to recognize new files
sudo systemctl daemon-reload

# Enable and start the rotation timer (rotates every 18 hours)
sudo systemctl enable ssid-rotator.timer
sudo systemctl start ssid-rotator.timer

# Enable and start the web interface
sudo systemctl enable ssid-web-manager
sudo systemctl start ssid-web-manager
```

## Service Descriptions

### ssid-rotator.service
- **Type**: Oneshot (runs once per trigger)
- **Function**: Executes the SSID rotation script
- **Triggered by**: ssid-rotator.timer
- **Logs**: Appends to `/var/log/ssid-rotator.log`

### ssid-rotator.timer
- **Function**: Triggers SSID rotation on schedule
- **Schedule**: 
  - First run: 5 minutes after boot
  - Subsequent runs: Every 18 hours
  - Persistent: Runs missed rotations if system was off
- **Installed**: Managed by `timers.target`

### ssid-web-manager.service
- **Type**: Simple (long-running daemon)
- **Function**: Runs Flask web interface on port 5000
- **Auto-restart**: Yes (10 second delay after failure)
- **Access**: http://rotator.local:5000 or http://192.168.102.205:5000

## Verification

```bash
# Check timer status
sudo systemctl status ssid-rotator.timer
sudo systemctl list-timers | grep ssid

# Check web service status
sudo systemctl status ssid-web-manager

# View logs
sudo journalctl -u ssid-rotator.service -n 50
sudo journalctl -u ssid-web-manager -n 50
tail -f /var/log/ssid-rotator.log
```

## Stopping Services

```bash
# Stop timer
sudo systemctl stop ssid-rotator.timer
sudo systemctl disable ssid-rotator.timer

# Stop web interface
sudo systemctl stop ssid-web-manager
sudo systemctl disable ssid-web-manager
```

## Manual Rotation Trigger

Even with the timer enabled, you can manually trigger a rotation:

```bash
sudo systemctl start ssid-rotator.service
```

Or run the script directly:

```bash
python3 ~/ssid_rotator/src/rotate_ssid.py
```

Commit message:

Add SSL/TLS certificate support to web interface
**Changes:**

1. **web_manager.py - SSL Support:**
   - Auto-detects SSL certificates in ~/certs/ directory
   - Uses fullchain.pem and privkey.pem if present
   - Graceful fallback to HTTP if certificates not found
   - Startup message indicates HTTP vs HTTPS mode

2. **deployment/SSL_SETUP.md - New Documentation:**
   - Complete SSL certificate setup guide
   - Certificate installation instructions
   - Permission requirements (600 for privkey, 644 for fullchain)
   - Troubleshooting common SSL issues
   - Certificate renewal process

3. **deployment/systemd/README.md - Updated:**
   - Updated web interface access URLs to HTTPS
   - Added note about automatic SSL detection

4. **ssid-rotator-guide.md - Updated:**
   - Updated web interface URL to HTTPS with HTTP fallback note

**Certificate Locations:**
- Private Key: ~/certs/privkey.pem (mode 600)
- Full Chain: ~/certs/fullchain.pem (mode 644)

**Access:**
- HTTPS: https://rotator.local:5000 (if certs present)
- HTTP: http://rotator.local:5000 (fallback)

**Installation:**
```bash
scp wildcard-local-privkey.pem pi@rotator.local:~/certs/privkey.pem
scp wildcard-local-fullchain.pem pi@rotator.local:~/certs/fullchain.pem
ssh pi@rotator.local "chmod 600 ~/certs/privkey.pem && chmod 644 ~/certs/fullchain.pem"
sudo systemctl restart ssid-web-manager
```

No code changes needed for HTTP operation - automatically detected!

deployment/systemd/README.md, after:

# Systemd Service Files

These service files enable automatic SSID rotation and web interface management.

## Installation

### On the Raspberry Pi:

```bash
# Copy service files to systemd directory
sudo cp ~/ssid_rotator/deployment/systemd/*.service /etc/systemd/system/
sudo cp ~/ssid_rotator/deployment/systemd/*.timer /etc/systemd/system/

# Reload systemd to recognize new files
sudo systemctl daemon-reload

# Enable and start the rotation timer (rotates every 18 hours)
sudo systemctl enable ssid-rotator.timer
sudo systemctl start ssid-rotator.timer

# Enable and start the web interface
sudo systemctl enable ssid-web-manager
sudo systemctl start ssid-web-manager
```

## Service Descriptions

### ssid-rotator.service
- **Type**: Oneshot (runs once per trigger)
- **Function**: Executes the SSID rotation script
- **Triggered by**: ssid-rotator.timer
- **Logs**: Appends to `/var/log/ssid-rotator.log`

### ssid-rotator.timer
- **Function**: Triggers SSID rotation on schedule
- **Schedule**: 
  - First run: 5 minutes after boot
  - Subsequent runs: Every 18 hours
  - Persistent: Runs missed rotations if system was off
- **Installed**: Managed by `timers.target`

### ssid-web-manager.service
- **Type**: Simple (long-running daemon)
- **Function**: Runs Flask web interface on port 5000
- **Auto-restart**: Yes (10 second delay after failure)
- **Access**: https://rotator.local:5000 or https://192.168.102.205:5000
- **SSL/TLS**: Automatically uses certificates from `~/certs/` if present

## Verification

```bash
# Check timer status
sudo systemctl status ssid-rotator.timer
sudo systemctl list-timers | grep ssid

# Check web service status
sudo systemctl status ssid-web-manager

# View logs
sudo journalctl -u ssid-rotator.service -n 50
sudo journalctl -u ssid-web-manager -n 50
tail -f /var/log/ssid-rotator.log
```

## Stopping Services

```bash
# Stop timer
sudo systemctl stop ssid-rotator.timer
sudo systemctl disable ssid-rotator.timer

# Stop web interface
sudo systemctl stop ssid-web-manager
sudo systemctl disable ssid-web-manager
```

## Manual Rotation Trigger

Even with the timer enabled, you can manually trigger a rotation:

```bash
sudo systemctl start ssid-rotator.service
```

Or run the script directly:

```bash
python3 ~/ssid_rotator/src/rotate_ssid.py
```
